1. time domain, pressure acoustics, frequency domain (time dependent), amplitude from each time. frequency domain first and later time domain
2. monopole domain source
3, Study1 frequency
add data to export, and export.



i need to figure out why one is 100% reconstruction and the other one is 90%. It is because of diffraction limits.
how big is the suitable frequency for our reconstruction. Compressing sensing with point spread function.
I need to think about whether it is a reasonable physics set up about testing the bubble when it is very closed to each other,
the point spread function will also overlap which means it may not be able to differentiate the exact location of each bubble
just from the distribution of the amplitude.

normalize the largest one (amplitude) to some kind of constant value or just 1.

different color means different amplitude. 0 is still 0, but 1 can be any nonzero value.

check about the physics set up by first creating situation that 

higher capablilty.

Need to read paper very seriously now. For all the three papers.


Paper 1: Sparsity-driven super-resolution in clinical contrast-enhanced ultrasound:
Some key sentences:
1. By pinpointing individual isolated MBs (inert gas microbubbles) with high precision across many frames, one can circumvent the diffraction limit
and reconstruct an image at a 10-fold increase in resolution.

Problem:

Some abbreviation:
CEUS: clinically acquired contrast-enhanced ultrasound (CEUS) images.
FPALM: dluorescence photo-activated localization microscopy
MBs: inert gas microbubbles
SOFI: super-resolution optical fluctuation imaging.
SUSHI: sparsity-based ultrasonic super resolution hemodynamic imaging.
FISTA: Fast iterative shrinkage thresholding algorithm


MAIN IDEA: 
In this paper, we apply sparse signal recovery techniques to attain super resolution to attain super resolution on highly dense, clinically acquired contrast-enhanced ultrasound (CEUS) images.

Extremely sparse subsets of MBs are evaluated acoss thousands of frames by using a very low MB dose and imaging for  very long time. This is not practical in clinical routine.

Solutions:
1. high frame-rate imaging (x) (because a long acquisition times are still required)
2. more practically, increase the density of MBs to a clinical dose (x, this causes the POINT-SPREAD-FUNCTION of bubbles to overlap severely, invalidating the widely
used single-particle localization methods)

In optics, a similar trade-off between acquisition time and localization accuracty was addressed by the inroduction of super-resolution optical fluctuation imaging(SOFI), which features a moderate resolution
gain within short acquisition times.

In fluorescence microscopy, several similar strategies have been developed for emitter localization in highly dense scenarios:
1. Fitting clusters of overlapped spots with a fixed number of point-spread-recovery
2. Sparse-recovery (This efficiently enables high-density localization by the combination of inverse image reconstruction with an additional regularization that imposes sparisty of the solution.)

Explain about the methods:
Method: Apply similar sparse signal recovery techniques to attain super-resolution on highly dense, clinically acquiredin-vivo CEUS images of a human prostate.
Details: By modeling an invidiual CEUS frame as the convolution of the MB distributions with the system point spread function (PSF),
            CEUS = MB distribution * system point spread function
            we employ sparse reconstruction techniques (like a frame-by-frame
            implementation of SUSHI), to recover the MB positions even in scenarios with extensive overlap.


Paper 2: Super-resolution Ultrasound Localization Microscopy through Deep Learning (fast)
This paper presents a fast and precise method for obtaining super-resolution vascular images from high-density contrast-enhanced ultrasound imaging data.

Problem:
Analysis of high-density regions with significant overlaps among the microbubble point spread responses yields high localization errors, constraining the technique to low-concentration conditions.
And then long acquisition times are required to sufficiently cover the vascular bed with low concentration conditions

Some abbreviation:
Deep-ULM: Deep Ultrasound Localization Microscopy
CEUS: clinically acquired contrast-enhanced ultrasound (CEUS) images.
FPALM: dluorescence photo-activated localization microscopy
MBs: inert gas microbubbles
SOFI: super-resolution optical fluctuation imaging.
SUSHI: sparsity-based ultrasonic super resolution hemodynamic imaging.
FISTA: Fast iterative shrinkage thresholding algorithm

Key sentences:
1. By pinpointing individual microbubbles from diffraction-limited ultrasound data across a large sequence of imaging frames with sparse microbubble populations, i.e. low contrast-concentration, 
    and combining all these position estimates into one frame, a super-resolved image is produced. 

2. Algorithms based on sparse recovery have been developed specifically to cope with the overlapping point spread functions of multiple microbubbles.
These strategies pose the localization task as a sparse image recovery problem, in which bubbles with overlapping PSFs but distinct sparse locations on a dense grid can be resolved.

3. ULM avoids the trade-off between resolution and penetration depth, but it gives rise to a new trade-off that balances localization precision, microbubble concentration and acquisition time.





